Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
How will I live my life?
This is what Goethe said.
"Life isn't about speed, but direction."
This is what Gandhi said.
"If the direction is wrong,
the speed doesn't matter."
Life's answers can be found
in the prohibited direction.
Will I... be able to find it?
I found a woman, though.
I developed a fever, starting that day.
Your temperature is normal. 36.5 degrees.
Thank you.
The temperature of blossoming love
is 36.5 degrees.
[If you don't want to do it,
don't do it.]
Hello! I'm the new employee, San Ma Ru.
I'll work so hard,
you'll think I'm crazy...
I'll do my best...
The key goals of the company...
The goal that we need to achieve
is that if we do our best
in what we think is right...
I developed a fever, once again.
You don't have a fever. You're normal.
I was always 36.5 degrees.
I love you. Let's go out.
I practiced is a thousand times.
We shall love.
I shall... hear that again.
The fever disappeared without a trace.
The love that won't change
until I die... is 36.5 degrees.
I'm not that kind of person.
A friend asked me to buy these.
- This is for my friend too.
- Hey.
It's a big size.
My friend said she likes it... bigger.
Wait.
So So, wait.
Hold on. Geez, wait.
Have fun.
- You're not buying them?
- No.
I thought it was a friend's request.
It is, but I don't need to buy them.
San Ma Ru.
- Where are you going?
- Nowhere.
There are street bars over there.
If you go up farther,
there are more intense street bars.
They might have what you want.
I'm not the kind of person
who wants those things.
I told you that in France, they're
accepting of other people's tastes.
I'm really... not into those things.
Then, go back to the hotel.
Travelers get scammed all the time here.
Yes, have a good night.
- It's not that way.
- I see.
- It's not that way either.
- It's a red light!
- I see.
Yoon So So. What does "So So" mean?
It's green light.
Would you like to go to the Seine?
The views are beautiful.
Have you seen "The Lovers on the Bridge?"
Would you like to go?
- Right now?
- Yes.
- Just the two of us?
I'll see you at the airport
tomorrow. I'll wait for you.
Yes, we shall go.
I mean, let's go.
It's this way.
I see.
An unfamiliar place, an unfamiliar
woman, and an unfamiliar proposal.
A departure is given to me
on this vacation.
You can give me 30 euros.
Pardon? You want my money?
There's an extra charge for night tours.
You can give it to me
right now or tomorrow.
- Are you saying...
- In Korean currency, 39,000 won.
Thank you.
There were only two bridges
over the Seine
until the middle of the 16th century.
The bridges were too old and crowded,
so they built Pont Neuf.
In French, "Pont" means bridge,
and "Neuf" means new.
It means "new bridge."
But now, it's the oldest bridge in Paris.
- It's right here, isn't it?
- Pardon?
The place where the couple
in "The Lovers on the Bridge" stood.
Yes, this is the place.
Wow...
I feel lonely.
I've never heard anyone say that here.
People normally say it's beautiful.
It's a sad movie.
The man was a homeless addict
and the woman was
a painter who went blind.
That's true. And then they loved,
beyond what they could manage.
Who loves only as much
as they can manage?
That's true.
We all start, not realizing
that it'll end tragically.
Do you remember
the last line in the movie?
"No one ever taught me
how to part with someone."
It's easy to talk to her.
I want to talk with her all night.
Talk to me.
I said, talk to me!
- Would you like to go down to the river?
- Yes.
The Seine passes through Paris
and leaves through the English Channel.
It's 776 kilometers long
with an average depth of 8 meters.
There are 37 bridges in Paris.
It's made so that all the channels
exit through the river.
All visitors who come to Paris
take a picture here.
This is a photo point.
I'll take one for you.
- I'm a little embarrassed.
- Stand over there.
- Give it to me.
- Thank you.
Give me your phone.
Yes, it's right here.
How... Here we go. Ready?
You don't normally pose like that.
You're right.
But... why do you pose like that?
I'm sorry.
Just smile like before. It's much better.
Why aren't you going home?
Team Leader,
I still have work left to do.
Hey, your vacation starts tomorrow.
Go home early.
Sweet, I'm out of here.
He's smart, mannerly, and rich.
He drives me crazy.
- Even his shadow looks good.
- Is he smart?
He failed to become a doctor.
No. His father is a hospital director.
He was forced to go to medical school
but decided to drop out last minute
to become a designer.
- The hospital is huge.
- Really?
- Hey, do you know what we call him?
- What?
A man who has
nothing to do with our lives.
Later.
There are a lot of compounds
of calcium in the water in France.
Pardon?
It's harmful to your skin.
I see.
Take these. It's a vacation gift from me.
Nice.
Hey.
You startled me.
- Hey.
- What?
Take that off.
I'm almost finished.
Geez, seriously.
Do you know how I knew
that man is having an affair?
- Does that even work?
- Of course.
You know when we were
having dinner earlier today?
I'm sorry. It's difficult
to call you because of work.
Yeah.
I got it. But you're the only one
who understands me, Honey.
What? A video call?
It's not a good time right now.
Yeah.
I know. I love you too. Kisses.
Isn't it unbelievable?
Do you know what he did afterward?
He's such a jerk.
You know the
young girl he came with?
Did you see her makeup?
Her style is totally absurd.
How can she be so tacky?
- Is this for every other day?
- No, every day.
And you know the man
who calls everyone "Big Sis"?
He's so uneducated. It annoys me.
- Would you like some wine?
- No, a beer.
And the man who came alone is weird too.
Why did he go on a package
vacation by himself?
- How much is the beer?
- Is he a pervert?
- Hey, that doesn't mean he's a pervert.
- It's true.
He should have friends
if he doesn't have a girlfriend.
- How much is eight euros?
- Let's see, 8,432...
- I don't know.
- It's expensive, right?
Did you see that woman take her medicine?
I'm 100 percent sure she has depression.
That lady has no expression on her face
and looks totally down.
I'm not surprised. If my husband
were uneducated, I'd be depressed too.
Why do you keep talking
about other people?
Can't we talk about us instead?
- Let's talk.
- About what?
Let's talk about us.
Sit down. You said you wanted to talk.
- Aren't you drinking?
- No.
- You said you wanted beer.
- I'm not drinking.
Why did you change your mind?
I'll go out and buy some.
Forget it. Let's talk about us.
We don't need to talk.
I'll buy some beer.
- When will you fix your habit?
- Habits can't be fixed.
Let's just stay in
and drink the hotel's beer.
It's too expensive. Let's drink
hotel beer when we're successful.
- But it's bothersome.
- It's better than paying too much money.
There are times when the mood
is more important than money.
Hey, what mood do we need
to be in to drink beer? I'll be back.
Do you remember me?
Yesterday...
We tried on that and that.
You came here with
your girlfriend, didn't you?
Yes, do you remember the ones
she tried on but didn't buy?
Yes, she said they were too racy.
Yes.
Pardon?
I thought they were nice. Are they racy?
They feature a sexy side
rather than function
so it can be considered racy.
I see.
Would you like to buy them?
Thank you.
[World Pharmaceuticals]
- Isn't our youngest at work?
- I'm here.
- You're not the only one.
- I apologize.
Why are you apologizing?
This punk.
[Chief Yoo Sun]
What's this?
What?
Hello, Chief Yoo. It's me.
Hey, aren't you coming to work?
I'm on vacation starting today.
Yeah, that's right. It's your vacation.
When are you coming to work?
- In 10 days.
- 10 days? Why?
My vacation is 10 days.
I know you're on vacation,
but are you actually taking it?
I'm in France right now.
I see. France?
The French village in Gapyeong?
No, I arrived in Paris yesterday.
A new employee is using all his
vacation days for France? Paris?
How are you so brave? Are you on drugs?
- I'm not.
- Then are you crazy?
We're all going crazy over next year's
sales report. Are you screwing us over?
- You approved my vacation.
- I did.
But Deputy Oh is here for her vacation.
Do you think life is a joke?
Did Deputy Oh... go to work?
Of course, you punk!
Are you going on vacation?
The company's in trouble because of you.
- It wasn't because of me.
- I'm sorry.
It's true that it was
the company's fault.
Although, it's not certain.
- You know what I mean.
- I don't.
I don't know why this
needs to be explained.
We agreed to go on vacation
starting tomorrow.
Stop acting like a child.
It was the company's fault,
but you exposed it.
The problem itself isn't a problem,
but exposing is?
You'll be fired if you make one mistake.
Do you really want to take time off?
Then what am I supposed to do?
Should I just go to work?
"I canceled my vacation so I can work."
- Should I suck up?
- Don't act like you're strong.
You want to avoid this problem
by going on vacation.
If you run away, will it change anything?
Am I not allowed to run away?
Can't I take some time off
to think about what I should do?
The company told us to think
for ourselves while we worked
but as I kept working,
my thoughts started to fade.
I felt like I wouldn't lose
my thoughts if I went on vacation.
In my day, we worked at a nearby cafe,
even if they forced us to go on vacation.
You take all your vacation days,
and accept all your paychecks.
Are you looking down on the company?
Submit the production analysis report
by year and medicinal effect by today.
It's 2 a.m. here.
It's 10 a.m. here!
But that's not even my job.
You're known for being unable to
differentiate that and causing problems.
If you don't want to do it, quit.
- I'll do it.
- It's due today.
Geez, seriously.
Let's begin.
This next song
is your favorite, "Five Eagle Brothers!"
Youngest.
Work really hard in this society.
You don't need to do anything else.
This company operates with
two words. You know that?
Yes, I understand.
What the heck do you understand?
I'm not sure.
Deputy Oh. Our ace, Deputy Oh.
Yes?
How does the company operate?
It operates with two words.
- What do I say?
- "Do well."
He wouldn't understand.
What do I say?
- "Do well."
- What should you hear?
- "Good job."
- That's right.
Do well. You just have to do a good job.
That's how companies are.
You don't need to know anything else.
Hey, I heard you went
to the same university as him.
Yes, we graduated in the same year.
Do well.
If our youngest runs out of energy
- help him out.
- Yes.
Let's do a good job.
[DF Ver] E02 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
I realized this later on.
Let's protect the Earth,
as the special forces of justice!
Five eagle brothers.
The five eagle brothers
continued to protect the earth
and died from overworking.
Yes, Boss.
I called you to tell you that we're ready
to depart and have a problem-free day.
Listen, So So.
I have something to tell you first.
Someone came by to snatch you up.
- Who?
- Who do you think?
Who are you?
This woman works here, doesn't she?
In any case, who are you?
Me?
Who else would come here
to catch you? Why are you asking?
I'm going crazy. How did he
find out I work here?
What did you say?
I sweet-talked him to get him to leave.
I understand your situation,
but I can't do anything.
Her whereabouts and phone
number are personal information.
If I expose her personal information...
- I'll get arrested.
- So you can't tell me?
Well, that's the law, you know.
Then, I guess one of us
will end up in prison.
Whether it's you, who exposed
personal information...
or me, who busted this place.
He's not the type to listen.
How did he know our office location?
Who was it?
That friend that you live with.
Was it "Alkay?" "Aljazirah?"
- Algérie?
- Yeah, that's right. Algérie.
I can't seem to remember
her name no matter how hard I try.
Did Algérie tell him?
It seems like she passed him over to me
when he went crazy at your place.
Boss, you know my situation, right?
I can't get caught right now.
I didn't do anything wrong.
So So, So So. You stole money.
Boss!
- He just left to catch you.
- He's coming here?
Did you tell him I'm here?
So So, of course not.
- Hey, look here.
- Geez.
We have multiple guides here.
You won't be able to find her.
Yes, Paris is a big city.
But the tourist attractions are limited.
Where else would a guide go?
Geez, that young punk.
How dare he pat me like that?
He's smart, though.
How can you let him take
a picture of the schedule?
As your boss,
and your much older "brother"
let me give you a warning.
Just turn yourself in.
You won't solve this problem
by running away.
I'm not running away.
I'm just avoiding it.
Why don't you stop writing a drama,
and live a reasonable life, So So?
It's almost over.
I just need six more months.
I'm hanging up.
Did you sleep well?
Did you have breakfast?
- Why are the rooms so cold?
- Was it cold?
How is this a five star hotel?
Why aren't they coming down?
It's not 8 o'clock yet.
Why is that poop girl late again?
We're late.
- I'm almost done.
- Stop putting that on.
If men don't take care of
their skin at my age, it's all over.
Did that woman tell you
to take care of your skin?
I'm not... jealous, as if I'm a child.
- Big Sis Guide!
- I wish you wouldn't call her Big Sis.
Weren't we supposed to be here
by 8 a.m.? Call their room!
They're only late by one minute.
Let's wait a little bit longer.
Whether it's one minute
or an hour, they're still late!
They should have manners if they're
in a group. We waited since 7:30 a.m.!
We're all waiting!
- We're fine with it.
- What are you talking about?
You're being too much, mister.
- They're coming.
- I'm sorry.
Pass me your key.
I'll help you check out.
I left it in my room... Just kidding.
We're in a group.
You shouldn't be late for no reason.
- I'm sorry.
- We've been waiting since 7:00 a.m.!
7:30 a.m.
Geez, I'm sorry, sir.
By the way, did you...
- buy this yourself?
- Why?
I wanted to buy this so badly,
but it was too expensive.
It it expensive? This?
My kid bought it for me.
Wow, what a good son.
- This is expensive.
- It was our daughter.
Daughters are the best.
They are, indeed.
These cost hundreds, even on sale.
This one was from my son.
Which one? Wow, this is
what you wear to the Himalayas.
Why did they buy such
expensive clothes for me?
We're going to Montmartre today.
Even if we only climb one hill...
you should wear something
like this. That's right!
Let's get on the bus.
I'm sorry for being late, everyone.
As a token of my apology
I'll buy everyone some drinks.
Let's hurry!
Those were so shabby.
No one wears those anymore.
In business, compliments are necessary.
That's okay. It's fine the way it is.
That young lad knows
what he's talking about.
Did you see that?
The way he flatters people.
That's how he gets women.
You said you hated the sight of him,
but you're watching him carefully.
The things we hate
are much easier to see.
I'm going crazy.
How did he know I work here?
He's not the type to listen.
Today, we'll visit Montmartre
have lunch, visit Auvers-sur-Oise
and arrive at
Mont Saint-Michel by evening.
We'll come back to Paris on the last day
to do everything we missed yesterday.
Do you see the Eiffel Tower over there?
It's a world-famous
tourist attraction now
but it was criticized at first.
Artists criticized that scraps of metal
were coming in to invade beautiful Paris.
Maupassant, who wrote
"Une Vie," strongly opposed.
But he later became a regular customer
at the restaurant at the Eiffel Tower.
People asked him this question.
"Why do you come here
after you opposed it so strongly?"
Maupassant said this.
"This is the only place
where I can't see the Eiffel Tower."
People normally laugh when I say this.
But the Eiffel Tower has become
the top symbol of Paris.
Why did you want to meet here?
People will be suspicious.
I have a question.
What do you think about me?
What are you saying all of a sudden?
Answer me.
What do you think of me?
What else? I think you're sexy.
That's not what I mean.
Am I... a trustworthy person?
You're so trustworthy, that you're sexy.
Am I... an upright person?
Is something... the matter?
Yeah. You're very upright,
to the point of being trustworthy.
Will you... stay by my side
until the end?
What's the matter?
Fine.
I'm on your side until the end.
I think I made a mistake.
I mean, I made a mistake.
I was suspicious, so I pulled a report.
The company is doing strange things.
You should get off. We're here.
This way.
Wow.
This is similar to the cable cars
at Namsan Tower.
Montmartre used to be
a village outside of Paris
and was incorporated
into Paris in the 1870s.
After the village became established,
poor people gathered here
and flourished after that.
Places such as Moulin Rouge and
Moulin de la Galette were established
and such cabarets
are continuing to keep it alive.
In the 19th century, Manet, Monet,
Gogh, Cézanne, and Picasso
gathered here as poor artists
to paint and sell their art
and kept this place alive.
Their juniors are still painting here,
so this place hasn't changed over time
and became the street of art.
This is a Catholic church
named Sacré-Coeur.
It was built to commemorate those
who were sacrificed in the Paris Commune.
It looks different from other
Catholic churches, don't you think?
It features the Byzantine art taken from
Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, Turkey.
Let's go that way.
This is a free observatory
where you can see all of Paris.
This looks like the view
from Namsan Tower.
Right?
We need to sit here and eat
some pork belly with soju.
Too bad.
We'll have some free time
and meet here in one hour.
Be careful of your passports,
wallets, phones, and cameras!
If salespeople talk to you,
don't answer them.
Let's meet here in one hour.
- Yes.
Aren't you going?
Is there a place with Wi-Fi here?
The cafes should have Wi-Fi.
Are you going to work?
- Yes.
- You're on vacation, though.
You need to be brave to rest. If not,
you'll ruin your work and vacation.
The five eagle brothers didn't die
because they didn't know that.
I need to urgently
take care of something.
- Please come back in time.
- Yes, thank you.
Please sketch from my waist up.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Why are you doing something
you can do in Korea?
- He's a French artist.
- All drawings are the same.
Let's go and eat some delicious food.
- Please stop.
- What did I do?
I want to be portrayed beautifully.
Why are you greedy
for beauty at your age?
Am I not allowed to be greedy?
I was never greedy before
in my entire life.
Geez.
Gosh, why is it raining?
I know, right? It's scattered too.
Wouldn't it be nice to get married here?
We can have the ceremony there
and our guests can
drink tea at the cafes.
Hey, that's too expensive. It'll cost
one million won to rent one cafe.
Two, four, six, eight.
How many are there?
- Forget it.
- What is it this time?
We can make more money
and have a beautiful wedding.
Forget it. Let's go to a coffee shop.
Why? Do you need to poop again?
- Yeah.
- Did you fail to go again?
I want to die.
I miss you too.
You know I miss you a lot.
Well, I can't do a video call.
That's not it. I'm with some
other people, so it's noisy.
Yeah, of course.
I've been thinking about you all day.
I love you too.
It's raining all of a sudden.
You could die for her, huh?
Hey, love is a business too.
Gosh.
Senior Chief, whom I love. Let me
use your card to go shopping.
Hey, what do you have to buy?
Geez, you should buy things. Here.
- Buy whatever you want.
- Okay.
I love you.
You're Korean, aren't you?
Do you know this woman?
She's a Korean tour guide.
- I'm not sure.
- I don't know.
You're Korean, aren't you?
Do you know her? She's a tour guide.
Do you know her?
I'm going crazy.
How did he find out I work here?
Boss, you know my situation, right?
I can't get caught right now.
I didn't do anything wrong.
You know her, don't you?
If you tell me where she is,
I'll compensate you.
Yes?
I'm sorry.
(In Japanese)
Thank you.
- You're Korean, aren't you?
- Yes.
Have you seen this woman before?
Thank you.
- Are you Korean, by any chance?
- Yes.
Have you seen this woman before?
She's a Korean tour guide.
I haven't.
Guide Yoon!
Wait. Wait.
What are you doing?
- Wait. Wait.
- Yes.
Wait a minute.
I'm sorry. Hold on.
Wait, I'm begging you.
I didn't know my heart
could pound so hard.
He left.
I noticed someone's been looking for you.
I'm sorry if I startled you.
Thank you. And sorry about that.
Let's meet with the others.
Geez, I'm sorry.
But why isn't the guide here?
I'm sure she'll be here.
Did she run off because
we didn't tip her?
- I hear about it on the news.
- Hey.
That's enough.
Why do you always say that to me?
What did I do? Geez.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
You're not Korean.
- Goodbye. (In Japanese)
- Goodbye.
Please meet me in front of
the rail car. I'm sorry.
This way!
Let's get in. Yes.
Please hurry.
Let's get in.
I'm sorry. Please get in.
Damn it.
Did you have a good time? We'll have
lunch before we go to Auvers-sur-Oise.
Huh? He's that Japanese man
we saw earlier.
You're right.
Yes, we'll go to Auvers-sur-Oise...
I heard it's a grave of someone.
Yes, at Auvers-sur-Oise...
The thing is...
It's the grave of an artist from
the Netherlands, Vincent van Gogh.
Why was a man from
the Netherlands buried in France?
Gogh worked at a company,
but I don't remember the name.
He worked at Goupil Cies Gallery
in the The Hague.
But he was assigned
to the branch in France.
And then he gave up working there,
and became a painter.
Geez, it's a tough world out there.
Why did he quit his job? How foolish.
- Why are you getting mad at me?
- Why are we going to his grave?
- So So.
- Yes?
We're here.
Yes, let's move quickly.
Why?
I'm sorry! We're late for lunch!
Please hurry!
Why?
- Hurry! Please hurry!
- Where are we going, Big Sis Guide?
I'm not running away.
I'm just avoiding him.
I'm sorry. Hold on.
In life, it's about
the direction, not speed.
But there's never enough time
to make a decision.
- Geez.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I want to talk to your boss!
Call your boss!
Wait!
You're known for not knowing
what your job is and causing trouble.
If you don't want to do it, quit.
I've seen that bus before.
Wait! You forgot me!
I told you to stop! Hey!
Hey!
Stop!
Stop! You forgot me!
Wait! Please!
Wait!
Please, step on it!
- Hurry, hurry!
- What the heck?
Is this the Han River?
- Wait!
- Damn it.
Don't forget me!
He's not Japanese. That bastard.
Hey, you bastard!
Wait for me!
You forgot me!
- Hey, you son of a bitch!
- Stop!
- Hey!
Subtitles by DramaFever
Do you see the bronze statue
on top of the Catholic church?
That's the statue of
Saint Michael, the Archangel.
The most beautiful product
of God's revelation and human belief
is Abbaye du Mont-Saint-Michel.
This is a chastity belt.
But you mustn't put it on.
There's no key.
Damn it. Wow, seriously. So So!
- You're driving me crazy! Why?
- Help me.
- So So, everything's okay, right?
- It's not okay at all!
I'm getting into accidents wherever I go,
and I'm busy solving them! Don't call me!
I need to know
if she's smiling or crying.
I need to find that out before I leave.
I ran away from him.
I ran far away from
everything related to him.
I ran far, far away
so I could forget him, but...
I'm here.
Did you cry to your heart's content?